Close the door
Four Happiness
You're about to become the owner of the harem.
It's not easy.
The Queen said who is the Queen?
The Queen Mother said that she would like you to make her queen.
What is the future?
No.
Yao Fei just stuffed Yang Lihua s filth into my dragon bed.
I still don't blame her.
More.
The princess is pregnant with my prince.
Your Majesty, this was the Queen Mother's idea.
The empress said that Princess Yao was her niece.
Saved your life again.
Your Majesty, please use my words.
Very good.
Then do as the princess wishes.
The Queen.
You must rule for me.
30 large plates per day
I'm going to die.
The Queen
It's all your shit.
All my efforts were in vain.
Master.
How does Your Majesty want to deal with me?
Congratulations on becoming the Commander-in-Chief.
The Lord of China
The Queen
The palace is the queen.
I'm the queen.